[singing voice] Aniplex.
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Rin] I am the bone of my sword.
Steel is my body
and fire is my blood.
I have created
over 1,000 blades.
I am unknown to death
and yet I am somehow
still unknown to life.
I have withstood so much pain
in order
to have created so many weapons.
Yet those hands
will never hold anything.
So it is, then,
and I pray,
unlimited blade works.
♪♪ ♪♪
[clock ticking]
Such a crazy dream.
That must be how he became
a heroic spirit.
That's so dumb.
[Archer] How much longer
will you hang around?
[Rin] Not long.
Just until 7:30.
Past that and I'll be late
for school.
You and your school wasn't
what I was talking about.
I was referring to how
you're fighting this war.
Working with another master
would have been a good idea
if the partner you had chosen
had not been
the worst one possible.
[inhales and exhales sharply]
It doesn't matter.
I said I won't break
my agreement with Emiya, okay?
I'll be the first to admit
he's not much in a fight,
but I can't complain
about having him as an ally.
Besides that...
[Rin] I don't think Emiya
would ever betray me
no matter what happened.
[grunts]
Listen.
The chances
of him surviving are slim.
If you had to have an ally,
then Caster would have been
the better choice.
Oh, don't be absurd.
Honestly, are you suggesting
that I should have teamed up
with that monster instead?
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
She's a monster
but could be of great help.
She's quite powerful
and acts like a true mage.
The heart
of a mage chooses results
over ideals.
Snide remarks won't work.
You won't get me
to change my mind.
Tell me, then.
What the hell
has gotten into you?
You've been acting odd
ever since you met Shirou Emiya.
What happened to your sense
of rationality?
Yes,
I have been feeling off a bit.
It's because of you.
I'd be doing just fine
if it weren't
for all that nonsense
you showed me.
[Archer] Huh?
It's nothing.
Forget about it.
[Rin] Regardless, as long
as you're the servant
and I'm the master,
I'll proceed in the manner
that I think most appropriate.
I'm not as naive as Emiya is,
you know.
But some things
I just won't budge on.
I won't compromise on those,
not for you or anyone.
What do you have
to say about that?
What could I possibly say?
It's the duty of the vassal
to support his lord even when
she's completely out of sorts.
So until you are yourself again,
I'll watch over you
from the shadows.
[school bell rings]
[Shirou exhales]
[yawns]
What's wrong with me?
I've been waking up
so tired lately.
[grunts]
Those swords
were really incredible.
[clicks tongue]
I admit it.
So I happen to like him.
So what?
[Souichirou] You have
your instructions, then.
I'm quite sure that
it goes without saying,
but remember to lock the doors.
Of course.
You have nothing to worry about.
[Shirou] Hey, Issei.
Yes, what is it, Emiya?
There's something
I've been wanting
to ask you for a while now.
How close are you
and Mr. Kuzuki?
[Issei] Oh, I guess I never
told you, did I?
I guess we do have
a close relationship.
You could say that Mr. Kuzuki
is a kind
of surrogate big brother to me.
Big brother?
[Issei] Souichirou‐‐ah,
Mr. Kuzuki has been staying at
the temple
for the past three years or so.
He's the quiet sort, certainly,
but he is also very forthright
and truly conscientious.
Living under the same roof
has given me a deep,
abiding respect for him.
At this point I just think
of him as a brother.
Kuzuki at the temple?
What?
Tohsaka!
What are you doing?
I have some questions about
your so‐called big brother.
Has anything odd happened
around him recently?
‐ [Issei grunts]
I'm not telling you anything!
And just where do you get off
eavesdropping on us?
I'd actually like
to know as well.
What?
What is going on with you two?
Especially after...
[exhales]
Yeah, I guess there
is one thing, actually.
[Issei] Mr. Kuzuki is engaged
to be married very soon.
[gasps]
[Issei] It was about
two weeks ago
when he arrived with a woman
whom he introduced
as his fiancee.
Although it struck me
as somewhat strange at the time,
I was still very happy for them.
We granted her
special permission
to live there.
Right now they're living
in separate quarters
from everyone else.
He's our man.
Issei says he's a good guy.
It wouldn't make any sense
to suspect somebody
just because he lives
at Ryuudou Temple.
It's him.
Someone as shady as he is has
to be the master,
and his fiancee
has to be Caster.
There's no doubt about it.
Now, go and get yourself ready.
The plan's to attack tonight.
Wait a second!
Tonight, for real?
[Rin] Yes, of course!
We don't have any guarantee
that Mr. Kuzuki
will come to school tomorrow.
We'll test him on his way home
to see if he's a master, okay?
[Shirou] Test him?
But how?
[Rin] I'll give him
a light Gandr shot.
So if Mr. Kuzuki's not a mage,
he's just have the sniffles
for a couple days.
Yeah, but it's not that simple.
If he is a master,
it'll turn into a battle
right then and there.
It'll be too late
to discuss anything.
Hmm?
Yeah, that'll be all the better
for us, then.
I don't see what the problem is.
The problem
is that you'll be put into
a very dangerous position.
[Rin] Oh.
Well, you don't have to come.
I'll just find a way
to deal with it on my own.
[groaning]
[Shirou sighs]
Okay, fine.
I'll go with you.
[Saber] So,
you intend to attack
Caster's master tonight?
Yeah.
It's still not 100% certain
Mr. Kuzuki is the master,
so we have no choice
but to test him.
I agree.
I understand your reticence,
Shirou,
but I think we should go along
with Rin's plan.
[grunts]
[kendo sticks clattering]
I really wish I could
make swords like his.
[swords clanging]
[booming]
[gasps]
[Shirou] What am I thinking?
[suspenseful music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Hmm.
[Shirou] When I called Fujine‐‐
I mean, Ms. Fujimura,
a while ago to check,
she told me that Mr. Kuzuki
still hadn't left school yet.
[Rin] Good.
That means he's still following
his usual routine,
so he should be leaving
right about now.
Rin, why is Archer not present?
I decided to leave him at home.
I think it's better
if he's not around Caster.
What does that mean?
We'd better go.
[Rin] This is the only road
that goes to Ryuudou Temple,
so Mr. Kuzuki is sure
to walk by here.
We'll set our trap
so that we can ambush him.
It's the perfect spot,
don't you think?
I set up a bounded field here
so we can be seen
from the outside but we'll be
absolutely soundproof inside.
A missile could explode
and no one would hear
a single thing.
Good?
Excellent work.
[Rin] Okay, Saber.
Let's go over the plan.
Tohsaka!
[Shirou] It looks like
he's here.
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
Sure about this?
I really don't think
Mr. Kuzuki's the master.
[Rin] Maybe not,
but now we'll know one way
or the other.
Here goes nothing.
[bangs]
‐ [gasps]
‐ No, wait!
[Caster] Did my warnings
mean nothing, Souichirou?
I said that you may be attacked
and because of that,
you should remain
in Ryuudou Temple.
[Souichirou] Perish the thought.
We caught our prey.
They've come right to us.
[dramatic music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[whooshing]
[Caster] How much longer are you
gonna mess around in there,
you foolish little mage?
Because I'm feeling generous,
I will give you three seconds
to come out.
And then
I shall respond accordingly.
Okay, Emiya.
Are you ready?
We'll go when I give the sign.
[Shirou] Sorry.
You can save all that stuff
for later.
[gasps]
What?
Shirou!
[grunts]
[Caster] This is a surprise.
Looks like you decided to become
a little too clever
for your own good.
Tohsaka and Emiya?
So it was not only Matou
but you two who were masters
as well?
How ironic.
Three of my students
are masters.
Kuzuki.
Are you actually
being controlled by Caster?
You're annoying me,
little boy,
so why don't I just
kill you now?
[Souichirou] Wait.
Please tell me what made
you think to ask that question.
Why would you suspect such
a thing?
Enlighten me.
[Shirou] I've heard that you're
a decent person...
Which means you
couldn't possibly overlook
the things Caster is doing.
[Souichirou] What exactly
is Caster doing?
[Shirou] Well,
Caster's draining mana
from people everywhere all over
the town.
Those people are nothing more
than sacrificial lambs to her.
As long as Caster keeps
draining people like this,
she'll eventually end up
murdering somebody.
There's simply no way
to avoid that from happening.
It's inevitable.
So I see.
And that is the reason you think
that I would turn a blind eye
to her deeds and why I,
her master,
would actually be under
her control?
[Shirou] Yeah.
So if that's the case,
we'll only take down Caster,
but if you gave Caster
free reign knowing full well
what she was doing,
then you're
a cold‐blooded murderer
and I'll take you down.
No.
It's the first time
I've heard any of this.
[gasps]
‐ [Souichirou] But Emiya.
‐ [gasps]
What you say Caster is doing,
what is really so terrible
about it?
Uh, say again?
[Souichirou] The deaths
of unknown strangers
no matter how many
are of no concern to me,
exactly like how none
of those strangers
are the least bit concerned
about my life.
[Shirou] Kuzuki!
You're a mage
and yet you're okay
with involving outsiders?
[Souichirou] You're mistaken.
I'm no mage.
I'm nothing more than
a cold‐blooded murderer.
[gasps]
[Souichirou]
I will not participate
in the Holy Grail War.
If you and Caster fought
each other
I'd stand here and happily watch
the bloodshed that would ensue.
I refuse to take responsibility
for your choices
or violent actions,
just as you do not need
to feel responsible
for my personal choices.
You may deal with them
as you will, Caster.
Kill them or let them live.
I leave it up to you.
[Saber] I see.
You mean to say that you have
no qualms about dying here,
Caster's master?
[Rin grunts]
[breathing heavily]
Saber!
[booming]
Not so fast, Saber!
[grunts]
Anti‐magic?
[gasps]
Master, no!
That was a mistake, Saber!
[grunts]
[gasps]
[blow lands]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[breathing heavily]
What the hell?
His fists are filled with magic?
You evade well.
I see it is not your eyes
that are keen...
But rather your
fighter's intuition.
[blow lands]
[grunting]
[grunts]
[breathing heavily]
[shouting]
[gagging]
[grunts]
[groans]
[Shirou] I don't believe it.
What the hell was that?
[Souichirou]
You've always assumed
the master's role
is to provide support
for his servant,
but there is an exception
to every rule.
There are masters like myself
who do nothing but work out
in the open when they fight.
Master.
Yes, Caster.
What is it?
[Caster] Please allow me
to deal with Saber
if you would like to see
to the other masters yourself.
Do so.
Fine with me.
You may have taken Saber
by surprise,
but now I know we
need to take you out
before you get too close.
[giggles]
[booming]
[grunts]
[gasps]
[blow lands]
[grunts]
You bastard!
[grunting]
[blows landing]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[groans]
[Shirou] If he takes me out,
Tohsaka's a goner.
I can't let that happen.
A weapon.
I need a weapon
I can fight with.
A weapon that's powerful!
Strong,
exquisite weapons,
like the ones he had!
[groans]
Trace...
On!
[screaming]
[grunts]
[shouting]
[blows landing]
[gasps]
Huh?
[electric sparking]
[groaning]
Impossible.
[gasps]
Master!
Saber.
[groans]
‐ [grunts]
‐ No, wait.
[Souichirou] That's enough.
Withdraw, Caster.
[Caster] As you wish.
[shuddering]
Shirou, are you hurt?
Saber.
‐ [Rin] We blew it.
‐ [gasps]
Totally blew it.
Kuzuki will never leave
the temple again.
So, what?
You mean to give up
on slaying Caster?
Yeah, right.
We can't just let her run free.
Of course we can't.
So tell me, Emiya.
What was that?
You lied to me, didn't you?
That was more
than strengthening magic.
[Shirou] Well, yeah,
it was,
but I used
to do projection magic.
I'm pissed.
Why didn't you
mention that before?
So this wasn't your first time
using projection magic?
No, I guess it wasn't,
but all I could do back then
was just mimic.
There wasn't any substance
to it.
Trust me.
I'm just as surprised
as you are at this.
So what you're saying
is you mastered projection
before strengthening?
Yeah, but look.
It was the only thing
I could do.
[Shirou] Kiritsugu said
it was totally useless
and that I should focus
on strengthening.
He was right.
I probably would have said
the same thing.
[Rin] Still,
it's awfully strange.
[Shirou] What do you mean?
[Rin] Let's get outta here.
Mm?
[winces]
Shirou!
[gasps]
[Shirou] I'm okay.
[creatures squeaking]
[Shinji] Ah,
so this is where you were.
[chuckles nervously]
Just so you know,
I didn't come here to complain.
Honestly, I don't care at all
where you go or what you do.
But listen.
I have some really great news
for you.
Kotomine says he'll turn
a blind eye
to anything we do!
Isn't that great?
I see.
The priest seems
to think rather highly of you.
Yeah, well,
I think he sees my true ability.
I'll give him a little token
of appreciation
once I get my hands
on the Grail.
So then,
when do we start
killing everyone in sight?
I can't wait for you
to gobble up souls
so you can get stronger,
and then it'll be their turn!
It's gonna be great!
[laughs]
I'm going to even
the score with Emiya.
We're going to have such
a good time.
[groaning]
Shinji.
You have no clue as to what
the Grail is all about.
[gasps]
What?
If you really desire the grail,
you should start ignoring
the other masters.
For they are nothing more
than living sacrifices.
But there are other matters
that we must attend to first.
Oh, yeah?
Like what other matters?
Well, it's not like
I don't understand how you feel.
I know the sweet taste
of revenge.
To seek out pleasure is a sign
that one is human.
Once I have done what needs
to be done,
then I shall be more than happy
to join you.
[gulps]
Oh, hey!
I never got the chance
to ask you what your wish was.
What is it?
Tell me.
I have a great taste
for extravagance.
Extravagant decoration
is to be admired above all.
But there is no sense
in wasting time
on the superfluous.
[Shinji] Oh, what do you mean?
[Gilgamesh] A long time ago,
I put together a group
of ten slaves with
the intention of slaying
the ones that would never
be missed.
What do you suppose happened?
[Shinji] Well, I suppose
you ended up killing them all?
[Gilgamesh] I found I could not
slay any of them.
They were simple laborers,
none of them with no value.
Not in the old world.
But this world is overflowing
with the superfluous.
I could choose ten men,
perhaps even thousands of men,
and I would not find one
of whom I then could not kill.
[Shinji] Sorry, but I don't
get what you're saying.
So what is it
that you really want?
It's quite simple, really.
Too much of any one thing
can be quite sickening
in the end.
[creature squeaks]
[Kalafina's "Believe"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[chorus singing
in foreign language]
♪♪ ♪♪
[singing in Japanese]